Do not cast using NGSIv2 types in updateAction (version 2) (#376)
telefonicaid/perseo-fe: documentation/configuration.md

| PERSEO_AUTHENTICATION_PORT         | Port of the authentication endpoint                                                        |
| PERSEO_AUTHENTICATION_USER         | User to perform authentication                                                             |
| PERSEO_AUTHENTICATION_PASSWORD     | Password for the user to perform authentication                                            |

> | PERSEO_CAST_TYPE                   | Cast or not attribute values to expected type conform NGSIv2 (false by default)            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PERSEO_CAST_TYPE                   |  If true, enable attribute value casting based in NGSIv2 attribute types if true. If false (default), the JSON native type for the attribute value is used.            |
```
